Docs: Enhance datasource READMEs (#254)
grafana/grafana-plugin-examples: examples/datasource-streaming-backend-websocket/README.md

> # Streaming Backend WebSocket Data Source Plugin for Grafana

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Streaming WebSocket Backend Data Source Plugin for Grafana
```

> This repository contains a streaming data source plugin complete with WebSocket integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This backend data source plugin shows how to stream data from a WebSocket.
```

## Overview

> The Streaming Backend WebSocket Data Source Plugin demonstrates the integration of a backend WebSocket service as a custom data source within Grafana. This plugin serves as a reference implementation for developers seeking to incorporate WebSocket-based data sources into their Grafana dashboards for streaming data scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Streaming WebSocket Backend Data Source Plugin serves as a reference implementation for developers seeking to incorporate WebSocket-based services into their Grafana dashboards for streaming data scenarios.
```

> The plugin connects to the backend through a streaming connection and the backend establishes a connection to an external WebSocket server.

Reviewer 2: This whole sentence is strange
```suggestion
The plugin establishes a connection to an external server using a websocket.
```

The example server sends random numbers controlled by a query parameter.

## Get started

1. Build the data source plugin:

  ```sh

> cd streaming-backend-websocket-plugin

Reviewer 2: no need to add this `cd streaming-backend-websocket-plugin` we don't do it in other readmes
```suggestion

```

> npm run build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
npm run build
docker compose up
```

  ```

> 2. Run the Grafana and the example WebSocket server with Docker compose:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't run grafana. only the websocket server
```suggestion
2. Run the example WebSocket server with Docker compose:
```

```sh

> cd streaming-backend-websocket-plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
